If you don't know how to code then find a no-code game engine such as GDevelop. There are many other solutions also, just google 'no-code game engine'. Next find a tutorial online on how to make a basic game with your chosen game engine. Then look for tutorials on how to make specific features that you want to add to your game. You might be tempted to create an huge-AAA-sized-super-duper-feature-rich game, but speaking from my, and most game devs's experience - you will not finish such a game if you're just starting out. So start with something **very** small, finish that, then do something a bit bigger, and so on.

If you don't know how to code then find a no-code game engine such as GDevelop. There are many other solutions also, just google 'no-code game engine'. Next find a tutorial online on how to make a basic game with your chosen game engine. Then look for tutorials on how to make specific features that you want to add to your game. You might be tempted to create an huge-AAA-sized-super-duper-feature-rich game, but speaking from my, and most game devs's experience - you will not finish such a game if you're just starting out. So start with something **very** small, finish that, then do something a bit bigger, and so on. You don't even necessarily have to start with a shooter, you can start with something simpler to get a grasp on the fundamentals.

Eventually you'll start feeling limited by a no-code engine and will want to learn how to code. There are many programming languages but the most beginner friendly I'd say are Python and JavaScript. JavaScript is for the browser so if you want to make browser games then go with that. Start learning to code without trying to make a game at first, but just general coding. Then once you've grasped the basics of coding, you can start making games by either writing all of the code yourself, or using a game engine that supports coding, such as Unity, Godot or Unreal. Using a game engine is easier as a lot of stuff will be handled for you.

Good luck and if you have any more questions feel free to ask!
